[Music]
Hello friends of the channel,
breaking news. The
YouTube influencer, businesswoman, and former
contestant on Big Brother VIP, Verde
Live, has just announced on her
Instagram account in a post with her
husband, Paris. If I'm not mistaken, I think that's how it's
pronounced if not, forgive me.
Her eighth pregnancy. Her eighth pregnancy,
some of you might say, how crazy, no, good time.
I think that by the time I was on my fourth
or fifth, I'd already be going a little
crazy, but in the end, these are individual decisions in
each person's life. If she wants to
have an eighth child, then we have no
choice but to wish her the best of luck. May she
come in the best of health and may everything
turn out wonderfully. YouTube
posted a few words
saying, "Good. It seemed like a
good time to tell me." It
seems to me too. She's four
months along, four months along. It's a
pretty reckless date. No, maybe I don't
usually agree with announcing
these things when you're two months along or
in the first few weeks. No, because you never
know what
could happen to you in time."  and then a
little hasty to tell it at the beginning
but now four months it seems
quite prudent to me and that you do have to
share the joy with your
followers have not decided to share it
with her fans are putting
many words of affection to
many messages of support and everything very
nice the truth you know those who have
known me for a long time not through
this channel but through my main channel
hub and oliveira that well a few years ago
well I have had my ups and downs
with her but well nothing important nothing
personal of course at least from
my point of view criticisms and opinions
from youtube and the salsero but of
course I wish her to come with
a lot of health that everything goes
wonderfully that nothing a lot of success
and that everything continues to go equally well
equally well to more than what is going
now nothing I will be seeing you in the
comments box what do you think of
this latest news some of you will surely
say how crazy but as I say let's see the
children do not come if you do not want that is how you
get pregnant it is because you want to
stay it
is a very personal decision and if it
seems fine to her since -she said- to have it
then who are you  with us to give our opinion
or criticize or say if we think it's good or
bad, at the end of the day it's her and if she can
allow it and she feels like it, then go ahead.
Simply wish her that everything
goes great, that everything comes in good
health, whether it's a boy or a girl, and that everything turns out
wonderfully, just that, a
big hug, family, see you in the
next video
[Music]